 <p> Currently, I serve as a professor at IBISC lab, Paris-Saclay University, France. I obtained my Ph.D. degree from Politecnico di Milano in Italy in 2019.  I have been recognized by the Top 2% of Scientists Worldwide by Stanford University over the past four years (2021~2024). Additionally, I am the Associate Editor of the IEEE SMC Society eNewsletter. Since 2022, I have been an Associate Editor for esteemed IEEE journals, including IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering (IEEE TASE) and IEEE Transactions on Cognitive and Developmental Systems (IEEE TCDS), and Advances in Mechanical Engineering. I also serve on the Early Career Advisory Board (ECAB) of Control Engineering Practice (CEP). Furthermore, I have served as a Guest Editor for the IEEE Transactions on Fuzzy Systems (IEEE TFS), IEEE Transactions on Cognitive and Developmental Systems (IEEE TCDS), IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters (IEEE RAL), and Robotica. I have also contributed as an Associate Editor to leading conferences in the robotics field, such as the IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA) and the IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS), roles I have held for over five years. </p>
    <p>I have published over 120 papers in prestigious international journals and conferences. My work has been recognized with numerous awards, including the Outstanding Interaction Paper Award at the IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation 2022 (ICRA 2022), the 2021 Andrew P. Sage Best Transactions Paper Award for the IEEE Transactions on Human-Machine Systems (IEEE THMS), the Best Conference Paper Award in Advanced Robotics at the IEEE International Conference on Advanced Robotics and Mechatronics in 2020 (ICARM 2020), and the ICRA Travel Award funded by the IEEE Robotics and Automation Society in 2019.</p>
    <p>My research interests span a wide range of topics, including Robotics, Human-Robot Interaction, Exoskeletons, Embodiment Intelligence, and Artificial Intelligence. We are currently excited to announce multiple openings for highly motivated and talented individuals to join our research team. We are seeking Postdoctoral Fellows, Ph.D. candidates, and Master's students who are passionate about advancing knowledge in their respective fields. Please don't hesitate to contact me if you need more information.</p>
</div>

- Research Fellowship Grand Award, Politecnico di Milano, 2020
